(gentle music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(upbeat music)
(radio static)
- [DJ Hype] This is
DJ Hype from WBVQ.
radio El Paso.
coming to you on this
steaming hot July morning.
By now I hope you
got the grill hot.
the potato Southern cool
and your liquor lit.
Today's broadcast
is brought to you
by J. Lee's spicy
barbecue sauce.
Put some J. Lee's
on them smoky bones.
why don't you?
But first. you better
call your momma.
'cause when you
taste that flavor.
now you're gonna slap her.
Happy 4th of July. everybody
Keep it spicy out there.
(upbeat music)
- [Sydney] Don't you-
- So. are you gonna
do those dance moves
at the family reunion?
Sydney!
- Mom.
(mom chuckling)
- I'm trying to talk
to you little girl.
- I almost had it.
- Answer my question before
you almost get these belt.
- Jeez. Okay.
No. I'm not planning
to go dancing like this
at the family reunion.
- I knew that you heard me.
- Love you.
- No. no. no. no. You
already busted. (giggles)
- Mommy. why do we always
have the family reunion here?
Why can't we do it in Orlando
or some place fun?
- Well. honey. we
create our own fun.
Right?
- Mom. I'm too old for
those kinds of answers.
there has to be a real reason.
- Oh. okay. Miss
lady. I see you.
Look. there is a real reason.
but once we get to the house.
I'll talk to you about it. okay?
- Okay. Is my dad coming?
- I mean. I invited him.
- You guys had an
argument. didn't you?
- No. no. we didn't
have an argument.
It's just adult relationships
are sometimes complicated.
And your dad. he's a good man.
- But you guys started
dating and everything.
- Sydney. remember
I talked to you
about grown folks' business.
Your dad. he's just busy.
And right now he's
in Texas on business
and I left him a voicemail.
Look. honey we both know that
your dad loves you very much.
Right? So if he can
make it. he will. okay?
- Okay.
(country music)
- [Erica] Hey Jeffrey see.
I just want to apologize
for the other night.
Things have just
been moving so fast
and I guess that. I've
been hurt a few times
and I just don't wanna
rush into anything.
(Erica sighing)
Anyway. just come to
the family reunion
and we'll figure
things out. Okay?
See you soon.
(upbeat music)
- Where's all the people
and the 4th of July decorations?
- I honestly do not know.
(phone ringing)
Hey mom. where are you guys?
You're already
supposed to be here.
Isn't dad bringing his
famous barbecue ribs?
- Sweetheart. we're not coming.
- What? You're
joking (chuckling)
- Hey sweetie.
- Hey dad. what is
mom talking about?
- You remember when I
surprised your mother
with that adventure trip.
in a Brazilian rainforest?
- He surprised himself.
You know I don't like
camping and hiking
and all that kind of stuff.
- I thought it would be fun
and to expand our horizon.
- Oh. you expanded
them all right.
- Look. well you guys
got back last week.
- We were supposed
to be back last week
but we are still
here stuck in Brazil.
- What? Okay.
You guys are joking
you're playing with me.
You got me.
- I'm afraid it's not
a joke sweetheart.
- Tell her the best part.
- Babe. we don't
need to worry her.
- Worry me about what?
- Tell her.
- We caught the Dengue fever.
- Dengue fever?
- Yes. dengue fever.
- It's a mosquito-borne
tropical disease.
- It gives you a fever.
yeah. I got that part.
- Fever. diarrhea.
headache. pain in my neck.
my back. my-
- Babe.
- What?
Or what?
- So you're not coming to
the family reunion again?
- Not unless we can go
back into a time machine
and never go on this trip.
- Oh. at least you
two are together.
You wouldn't wanna have
Dengue fever alone.
now would you?
- I am. I guess you're right.
- Sometimes I hate
how smart you are.
(Erica sighing)
- Well. I'm gonna
call you later. Okay?
I gotta try to figure out
how to get some barbecue
to this family reunion.
I love you too.
Bye bye.
(phone beeping)
(phone ringing)
Hello. Aunt Mae? No way.
Yes it's today.
Okay. okay. I am on my way.
(Erica sighing)
- Where are we going. mommy?
- To get your aunt and uncle.
Oh. you know what?
Before we go. there's
something I wanna show you.
Okay?
So you remember you asked me why
we have our family
reunions here every year?
Well. this is why.
You see. when your
great-grandfather
was released from prison.
for his wrongful conviction.
He ended up suing the government
and he won a lot of money.
So he started his own
business with flipping homes
and this is the first home
that he ever purchased.
And that's why it's so
special to our family.
- [Sydney] Do you think
he'd be proud of us?
- Yeah. I know that
he's proud of us
and everything that
we've accomplished.
You know. sometimes I stay here
and I know that he's
watching over us.
(gentle music)
(car engine revving)
(horn honking)
(gentle music)
- Hey. what's up
brother? How you doing?
I got some DVDs and oil
for sale. DVDs and oils.
Who says you can't. You can't...
I got some DVDs
and oils for sale.
Oils. you know what I'm saying?
These got pheromones in it.
Pheromones!
Meaning you could
get on the ferry.
and she gone mourn.
all night long.
Now look. now you
have these DVDs
and you put these oils together.
you gonna have a great night.
She gonna be going
* All night long. all night
* All night. all night long
* All night. all night.
(upbeat music)
- What you want player?
- I don't know. what you got?
- Just let me know.
hands is magic.
- It's like that?
- It's exactly like
that (chuckling)
Somebody please tell this man.
- Oh in that case.
let me get number one.
(barber chuckling)
- Man. get out my chair.
* We're together. one
love in the house *
* The house is out
* One love. forever
* One love
(clipper buzzing)
- OG (indistinct).
What's up with that meal
for another day man?
- Just another
satisfied customer.
- Obviously. but come on OG.
She asked for you by name.
Now keep it real. partner.
What's up. talk to me?
- Well. she came in
she was like.
"OG. I know you're a barber.
"I get paid on the 15th.
"Hook a sister up."
- So did you hook her up?
- I told her just like
I tell all the girls.
I don't work for charities.
I don't work for free.
(broom sweeping)
And if you wanna
use these skills.
you gotta pay me something.
And I told her she
had three choices.
She can give me some cash.
- Well?
- She can give me some grass.
- Now you're talking.
(all chuckling)
- Or that ass.
(all laughing)
- Well. hold on. hold
on. hold on. wait.
OG. so you trying
to tell me that you-
(seat creaking)
- She didn't have
no grass either.
(all laughing)
- Oh.
- Not OG. bro.
(all laughing)
- So where you been. brother?
We ain't seen you in a while.
You doing the same cut thing?
(clipper buzzing)
- I've been traveling
a lot for work lately.
- This ain't no
game. this for real.
'cause you keep cutting
the back of your head.
it's gonna look
like hamburger meat.
(all laughing)
- [Barber] Oh. star
crunching earthworm.
- This aint no game.
This for real.
- Don't make me
laugh (chuckling).
- I like that commercial though.
If Jeffrey can't get
you off. nobody can.
- I use that in the
bed all the time.
That's my sexy talk
with Ding (chuckling).
(clipper buzzing)
- Whatever works. bro.
- Wait. did you say your
girl's name was Ding?
- Yeah. What's wrong with that?
I like Asian women.
You see. fellas.
once you go Asian.
it's always amazing.
(all laughing)
- What's her last name?
You a Fed?
You sound like a Fed right now.
You acting real feddy. partner.
- It's just a simple question.
(clipper buzzing)
- It's Ling. okay? Its Ling.
- Wait. hold up.
Your girl's name is Ding Ling?
Dinger Ling?
(all laughing)
- Hey. yo. yo. it
aint that funny. bro.
Why you all laughing?
Where's the laughter
coming from?
It aint all that funny.
Why you laughing?
It aint that funny.
- So look here.
Jeff. man. real talk.
We appreciate what you're doing
out there in them streets.
Them young brothers.
making sure they get a fair
shake in the legal system.
that's good stuff. man.
(clipper buzzing)
- Just doing what I can.
- I feel you.
So what you doing for the 4th?
- Family reunion with my
daughter's mom's family.
- Hold on. hold on. daughter?
I didn't know you
had a daughter. man.
didn't even know was a dad.
- Me either.
- Yeah. it was kind of
a surprise to me too.
I had a one night stand
about nine years ago.
yeah. she didn't
tell me about it.
Then my daughter found
me on the internet.
So we've been playing
catch up ever since.
- Internet! What's
her family like?
- Pretty cool actually.
Very accomplished people.
the dad is a doctor.
the mom a stay at home mom.
And then my daughter's
mother is an attorney.
- Oh. wow. oh.
- Can the mama cook?
That's all I wanna know.
(all chuckling)
- Yeah. she could throw it out.
- Is there gonna be a DJ there.
with some big fat booties?
(Jeffrey chuckling)
- [Jeffrey] I guess.
- That's my type of party then.
- I got a couple of questions.
- Okay.
- Is she crazy?
(all laughing)
'Cause ain't nothing
like some crazy coochie.
Don't sleep.
- No. she's mad cool.
(clippers buzzing)
- You got a picture of her?
- [All] Damn!
- Hey. she bad.
- OG. what you do
with that. boy?
- Ooh! That girl got everything.
(all laughing)
- Yeah. she's pretty amazing?
- So what you
waiting for hommie?
- Nothing. She. she not
feeling me like that.
I mean. I'm in her rotation.
but she ain't taking me serious.
- Come on. man be for real.
She's a lawyer. you a lawyer.
And obviously you
hooked on this woman.
- At least the best part of her.
(all laughing)
- Like my granddaddy
used to tell me man.
women they just like cars.
When you rent them. you can
ride them however you want to.
But your ass gonna
pay a high price.
And as soon as you get
used to it a little bit.
try to take her right
back. you know what I mean?
But when you buy.
now you get to ride
it whenever you want
for a much lower price.
But. you gotta get used to
those imperfections over time.
- Y'all broke asses probably
put it on little wait anyway.
(all laughing)
- Look here. man.
We've been in this
game a long time.
from thots all the
way back to skeezers.
I mean. eventually you
gotta make a decision.
You keep all that
banging and slanging.
your dick gonna fall off.
You know what I'm saying?
You got a fine good looking
woman man. beautiful.
voluptuous. scrumptious
and she got a great
big old juicy booty.
- Okay. okay. I get it.
- But I mean. look here. man.
She waited for a black
King to swoop down
and sweep her off her feet.
You see never
playing around. man.
Unless this woman's
been living in a bubble.
She done met 5011.
noncommittal. sorry. cheating.
unemployed. emotionally
unavailable.
They all started out.
just like you.
Nice. She needed
a man to decide.
You decide. and you
decide what you're gon' do
for your family then you leave.
A woman like that.
she got a deep bench.
man. look here.
If you ain't. the dude
is going out there
and winning every day
and blowing that back out
on a consistent basis.
you're going to be
right back on the bench.
Watch what I tell you.
- Finally. It's not
that I can agree to.
Amen to that.
- Preach. Tell him.
- He ain't lying.
While we are going to have.
booty shaking barbecue and
steal that girl right from you.
(all laughing)
(Mae giggling)
- [Mae] Stop it.
(indistinct)
- I am ready to take off again.
- Me too.
(laughing)
Stop it. you're nasty.
(both laughing)
So. where's my little Sydney?
- Actually. I left her
at a friend's house
because I didn't want her to
see you two in this situation.
- Erica. I love your hair.
Did you do something
different to it?
- I always do something
different to my hair.
But thank you. Aunt Mae.
- Erica. you don't seem
very happy to see us.
- Well. Uncle Victor. I
thought I was picking you guys
up from the airport.
not the police station.
I mean. the mile high
club. guys. really?
- Yes.
Well. Erica you know that
you of all people already
know about birds and the bees.
So I'll just tell you that.
your Aunty Mae and I we just.
we got married so early.
Directly out of college.
We didn't have a chance
to do all the crazy things
that 20 something
year olds normally do.
- Sure did.
- To include having sex
in the airplane bathroom
(both laughing)
- You do know that's not
a thing anymore. right?
- Well we made it.
- I made it a
thing again. right?
- Yes. its amazing what you
can do in a small space.
when you put your mind to it.
- I enjoy hips.
- Oh. love them hips baby.
(both laugh)
- Okay. okay.
Can you pleas stop?
- How do you think my
sister in-law made you?
- Please. Aunt
Mae I. no. Please.
- Okay baby girl.
we will behave.
I promise.
- Thank you.
Did you even consider how
maybe this affects me?
- Affects you.
- Considering you. excuse me.
- [Erica] Yes.
- Did you even
consider us when you
had a one night stand?
- A unprotected one night stand.
- Yeah. with Jeffrey Davidson?
- Mm-hmm.
- Did you. did you?
Exactly. I didn't think so.
I rest my case.
Listen. baby girl. your
aunt and I love each other.
- Yes we do. we do.
- We had some fun.
we took a risk.
We got caught.
- [Mae] Yes we did.
- But we lived to talk about it.
- And you do know
that you guys would be
in jail if weren't wealthy?
- And because we
know our rights.
- And not everybody
has that privilege.
- Well. that's why we are
so proud of our beautiful.
intelligent and way too serious
freedom fighting attorneys.
- Well. congratulations
you guys made the paper.
- Oh! My goodness.
- Are you kidding me. what?
The paper? Get out.
Let me read this.
- Look at this.
- Oh. yeah. (chuckles)
Love is in the air.
- A couple in their
sixties as being hailed
as an example of the love
that stands the test of time.
Mae and Victor Carter-
- That's us.
Were arrested this morning when
their plane touched down at
Richmond International Airport.
The couple was
charged with violation
of FAA regulations related to
the use of airplane lavatory.
(Both laugh)
After a flight attendant
caught them having sex.
The couple spent
one night in jail
and the charges were dropped
for lack of sufficient
evidence. (mumbles)
However. their lesson
to society is clear.
Love is in the air.
- In the air. oh. my goodness.
- Yeah. And you know.
if you guys were poor.
you would be on the way
to prison right now.
- See. you and your brother
created that monster.
- Monster?
- Listen. baby girl.
you know I am so proud
and happy that you
became an attorney.
Just like your uncle Vic.
And you know the whole
family is proud of you.
- Oh. yes.
- But.
- Here we go.
- [Vic] Yes.
Do you have the answers to all
the problems in the country?
- No.
- Because if you do. then you
don't need to be an attorney.
You need to be the
President. And I mean that.
Listen. Nobody has all
the answers. I don't.
But I live by
three simple rules.
- Yes he does.
- Please my God. please my wife.
And support my community.
And on that plane. I
was pleasing my wife.
Were you pleased. baby?
- Woo. baby. I was so pleased.
- That's right. you know we are.
- Okay. okay. you know
what? You guys win. okay?
But can you please just keep
it together (indistinct)
Please?
- [Mae] All right. deal.
- [Vic] Deal. deal.
- Thank you.
- So. how's your
boyfriend/baby's father doing?
- Fine.
but he's not my boyfriend
we're just friends.
- What. just friends?
- Yes.
- [Vic] Just friends?
- Lets see.
He is your baby's father.
He's a respected attorney
in the community.
He's great with Sydney.
- Yes.
- And every time I see him
he's treating you like.
like some precious jewel.
Am I missing something?
- No. you've pretty
much nailed it.
- You right.
- Then whats the problem Erica?
- I just don't wanna
make the wrong decision.
People have a tendency
to change up on you
and that's not what I want.
- Well. are you
seeing someone else?
- No way. no thanks.
- Baby girl. take it from me.
leave your past behind you
or your future will pass you by.
- Right.
- Don't you mean fly by?
- oh. yes fly by.
(Both laugh)
That's right. fly by.
- Oh man.
I can't wait to have some
of my brothers barbecue.
- Angela's coconut cake.
- Yeah.
- Woo!
- Yeah. so about that.
We'll talk about that later.
- [Mae] Ooh.
(bright music)
- [Benita] Thank you for
calling Youfly Airlines.
My name is Benita.
How can i brighten
your day today?
- Hi. Benita.
I'm trying to get a
flight from El Paso. Texas
to Williamsburg. Virginia.
first thing tomorrow morning.
- [Benita] And would
that brighten your day?
- Huh?
- [Benita] Would it brighten
your day if I book you a flight
from El Paso. Texas
to Williamsburg.
Virginia for tomorrow morning?
- Yeah. I guess it
would bright my day.
- [Benita] Then let's
get your day bright.
Oh. okay. okay. I got it.
- Got it?
- [Benita] Yes and no.
- Yes and no?
- [Benita] Yes. I got it.
Like. I know what you want.
but no. we don't
got any flights.
- No flights?
- [Benita] Well. it's
4th of July weekend
and there is a weather issue
in Atlanta that caused
a lot of delays.
None of the airlines
can sell any new flights
to Williamsburg until
we get everyone already
purchased flights to
their destination.
- Okay. so what's the
closest you can get me
to Williamsburg?
- [Benita] Atlanta.
- Atlanta? That's like 10
hours drive from Williamsburg.
- [Benita] Atlanta is
beautiful this time of year.
the road's (indistinct)
are blossoming.
Even the high trains is.
- Our family reunion
is in Virginia.
- [Benita] Maybe your
family would like to reun
in Atlanta instead.
Like I said. it's beautiful.
- Yeah. You said that.
- [Benita] They
got great food too.
You can pick me up some.
- And bad weather. apparently.
- [Benita] Yes. they did
have this weather issue.
- What is the weather issue?
You know what?
Don't even tell me.
You ain't know about this
when you picked up the phone?
All that talking about
you gon' make my day.
- [Benita] Brightening.
it's brighten in your day.
- Whatever Benita. my day ain't
bright and you ain't right.
Thanks for nothing.
Oh geez.
I'm driving. I'm driving.
No flights? (exhales)
Directions to
Williamsburg. Virginia.
(phone chimes)
- [Automated voice] Getting
directions to Williamsburg.
Virginia.
- Damn.
I'ma need some coffee.
A lot of coffee.
(lawn mower engine revving)
- Family. I'm glad
you all are here.
We've got a bit of a situation.
Well. my brother. Aaron
and his wife are stuck
under quarantine in Brazil.
- Brazil?
- Yes. Brazil.
So. normally they host this
event. but it's up to us now.
So. we've got to decorate.
cook everything
in under two hours
before everybody gets here.
- Woo!
- So anybody who knows anything
about grilling. follow me.
- And if any of you
can cook. follow me.
Erica you can come too.
- See you wrong
for that. Aunt Mae
That's okay.
- Well. the potato salad you
made the last time was hmm.
- You know what?
My man loves my potato salad.
- Ooh!
- [Erica] Vegan potato salad
- So he's your man now?
(indistinct)
- Baby. what's part
where all the women leave
and go to the kitchen
and leave the man.
the fourth bond over manship?
- Well. can you handle it?
- B. can you give
the man some space?
I need to educate him on the
ways of the Carter family.
- And see now that's
what I was afraid of.
- So Ellie actually
went to Brazil.
- Yeah.
- You ever been?
- Bruh. (laughs)
have I ever been?
Let me tell you a story.
- No you don't. No you don't.
Don't be telling him none
of your skanky ass nasty
sex stories.
Don't be telling him that.
- So okay.
So this one time
you understand. so.
(upbeat music)
- Yes.
- Let me have a large coffee.
- Flavor?
- No. no flavor.
Just regular coffee.
- Sir We don't make
regular coffee here.
Our coffee comes from
a special blend of made
out of special beans that
make it the best coffee
on this earth.
- Well. okay. Give
me one of those then.
- One of what?
- The special thing for the.
- Try the Japanese (indistinct).
you're driving. right?
- Whoa!
First of all. personal space.
Second of all. that sounds
like liquid cocaine.
- Tastes like it too.
- How do you know what
cocaine tastes like?
- Just try it. its really good.
- Told you.
- Look. man and woman.
I appreciate your
concern. but I got this.
- Okay and just doubt.
- You cannot help some people.
- Its actually a
really good choice.
- See?
- Told you.
- Mm-hmm.
- Everybody. I can
choose my own coffee.
- Pick it already. you're
giving us caffeine anxiety.
- Pretty sure
that's not a thing.
Okay. Let me get pinochet.
(people yelling)
- Now you really messed up.
What's wrong with the pinochet?
(indistinct chatter)
- The coffee is actually named
after former President
Jose Ramon Pinochet.
the one who invented the beans.
They come from Chile.
(indistinct)
- Okay. So. all right.
Give me that jack off-
- [All] Jack and the beanstalk.
- That. yeah. The jack
and the beanstalk thing.
Made from the beans.
that are made from angel turds.
That thing. please
and thank you.
- You don't have to be
sarcastic. you know?
- Yeah whatever the
cap (indistinct).
- That'll be 19.75.
- Beg your pardon?
No I asked for one coffee.
- I gave you one coffee.
- One coffee cost
almost 20 dollars?
- It's totally worth. bro.
- Dude. can you not?
- Trying to help.
- You already said that.
- How would you like to
pay? Debit or credit?
- Debit.
- US debit or Visa debit?
- Well. its a Visa card
so I guess Visa debit.
I don't know. what's
the difference?
- Visa debit is credit.
- Then why do they
call it visa debit?
- I don't know. Why
didn't you ask them?
- Maybe I will.
- What's wrong with
paying with credit?
- Credit cost more.
- Not if you have good credit.
- Even if you...
- Hey. can I get a
jack and the beanstalk?
- US debit or Visa card?
(upbeat music)
- Don't you have
something for me?
Where did you get that from?
(cigarette lighter firing)
Wow. that's the real thing. huh?
What's it called. man?
- Don't worry about all that.
- At least you can
tell the name of it.
- Who dat?
- Who dat where?
- Where what?
- What do you mean where what?
- Are you fucked up already?
- Yo. you crazy. bro.
- No. man. it's the strain.
It's called who dat.
its from New Orleans.
- That's smooth right there.
- Its like a hug
from God. right?
- I don't feel high. I feel
good but I don't feel high.
Now. that's some good
stuff right there
What if. weed was away
for the government
to keep us from being
focused on success?
What do we get out of it anyway?
- No. man.
Expand your mind. brother.
Check it. if you didn't smoke.
would you even
have that thought?
- You right. bro.
That's some good
stuff right there.
I feel great.
- Right. right.
- I feel coherent. but happy.
Yo. check it. What's up
between you and supermilf?
- (laughs) Talking
about miss right?
What else can I say?
She cook. she clean.
she's divorced
and she get a fat alimony cheque
every month with nothing
better to do with it.
than to mofongo a
brother all night long.
I'm committed.
bruh. I'm committed.
- I am happy brother. truly.
- You know I gotta ask right?
- You don't to do nothing
but stay black and die.
- I gotta ask.
- Did I stutter?
- What happened to-
- Don't say it.
(indistinct)
- That's it. now you
blew my high. bro.
- Look. you can't talk to
me who can you talk to. bro?
- She wasn't who
thought she was.
- I got that apparently.
but what about the baby?
- She told me it wasn't mine.
- Damn. bro. Hey
look. its all good.
You got mad friends
and they got alimony cheques
ready to line your pockets
up with. bro.
- I'm not Worried about that.
The main thing is
that I went back
to med school because I
thought she was having my baby.
And of course my father wants
me to follow through with it.
But none of them single
I'm just trying to
find my motivation.
You know what I'm saying?
- You know what you
sound like right now?
Like a spoiled little
biatch right now.
- Is that your pep talk?
- Hell yeah this my pep talk.
I mean. look.
Where I'm from.
success. college.
wasn't even a thing at all.
It wasn't something that
we would talk about.
We didn't have any options.
We had to survive. bro.
Now you got all these options
and now you acting
like it's a burden.
- So. what's you saying?
- I'm saying do all that.
be all that you can be.
Be a singer. be a
doctor. be a lawyer.
Who cares? Just see
where it all leads.
- Yeah. I guess you're right.
- I'm always right
and it aint the weed
that's talking either.
What?
- What Mookie?
- No. I just saw.
Never mind. never mind.
- Who the hell is that?
- You saw it too?
- The baby? Hell yeah.
(upbeat music)
- [Automated Voice]
In thirty feet.
arrive at your destination.
Arrived.
- Arrived?
Where is the gas station?
Okay.
You're not gon' keep
me from my woman.
That's what you not gon' do.
Of course I'm out of gas.
Of course I'm out
of a gas. (laughs)
Of course I'm out of gas.
Of course I'm out gas.
Okay. All right.
Directions to
nearest gas station.
(phone chimes)
- [Automated Voice] In 20 feet.
arrive at the
nearest gas station.
- No not this gas station.
Okay. Directions to next
nearest gas station.
(phone ringtone)
- [Automated Voice] The
next nearest gas station
is 5.6 miles away.
- 5.6 miles. 5.6 miles.
Okay. 5.6 miles.
(upbeat music)
5.6 miles.
(calm music)
- So. you mean to tell
me Arrow and Angela
went hiking in the jungle?
- I don't know.
I think its nice.
- No. he should have
told her his plans first.
- Sounds like fun to me.
Now you from Puerto Rico.
y'all got jungle
all over the place.
The only place Angela has
ever seen anything like that
was it the Universal
Soul Circuit.
(all laugh)
(upbeat music)
(indistinct)
- Glad you can make it.
You know the reunion wouldn't
be the same without you.
- It's great to be here.
The Carter's always
taken good care of me.
I'm just sad they
couldn't make it.
but sounds like they
having a good time.
- Oh yeah.
If I know my cousin Arrow.
he made it seem like
he couldn't get back
so they can stay behind
and do what they do.
(all laughing)
- What they do?
- You think they still
be down like that?
- Please.
That man is a urologist.
He got access to
unlimited Viagra.
What would you do?
- You already know.
You already know.
(country music)
- Excuse me ma'am.
what are you doing in my car?
Excuse ma'am you're in my car.
(speaking foreign language)
Ma'am.
I need you to tell me.
what you are doing in my car.
(speaking foreign language)
- What?
- Yeah. I speak English.
I'm just messing with you.
- Okay. let's try this again.
I'm Jeffrey and you are?
- Soccorro.
- Suck. what?
- Soccorro (speaking
foreign language).
Are you not from El Paso?
- No. I'm just passing through.
(exhales)
- Well. I'm part of the
welcoming committee.
Welcome.
- Okay. suck.
- Say. so.
- So.
- Co.
- Ro.
Okay. Soccorro.
Why are you in my car?
- Its hot.
(exhales)
- Yup. it's hot outside.
Car is cool.
It was a sign.
What would you do?
- Okay. point taken.
Where did you come from?
- Outer space. (laughs)
- Seriously?
- El Paso.
- Why are you in the
outskirts of town.
In the middle of nowhere.
sitting in my car
looking like you just
got out of the club?
- Sorry (speaking
foreign language).
- It's too late for that.
(speaks in foreign language)
- [Jeffery] Come on.
- Okay. okay. Detective Brown.
I got in a little argument
with my boyfriend.
He kicked me out of the car.
- That's a asshole move.
- You have no idea how
right you are. Jeffrey.
- All right. let me just
fill up the gas tank
and then I'll take you
wherever you wanna go.
(birds chirping)
- You're a kind man. Do
you have a girlfriend?
- Yeah. Actually. I'm
trying to get to her now.
It's been a hell of a day.
- She's a lucky girl.
- Hey. is that your
boyfriend back there
coming up the road?
Is your boyfriend jealous?
- He's very jealous
and aggressive.
- Is that him? Is that him?
- No. it's just my blunt driver.
(exhales)
Thank you so much.
You are the best.
Thank you. next
time lock your car.
(lively music)
(car engine revving)
Jesus. Jesus.
What did you eat woman? Geez.
Okay. Ooh. boy.
I got a long drive a
head of me. long drive.
Let's make this happen.
(car engine revving)
(engine backfires)
Come on.
(gentle music)
Come on. man. Good job. Jeffrey.
You had to have a hot
car with no spare.
Okay. okay. It's
4th of July weekend.
I will find a tow company.
I can do this.
You ain't gon' keep
me from my woman.
That's what you ain't gon' do.
- Cuz. I miss my phone already.
- Tell me about it.
Who made that no
phone rule anyway...
- I'm pretty sure it
was Grandpa Arrow.
Something about smart phones.
Take the union out
of family reunion.
- I'll be so glad when I'm 18
- Well. on the bright side.
I think we got some great
fireworks this year.
We're not allowed to open
them until nightfall.
- Aren't you getting tired
of following the rules?
- How we open the box?
- I'm way ahead of you.
Come on.
Yo. They got some caps.
- What are caps?
- You've never used caps?
My dad used to play with
these all the time with me.
Usually. there's a cap
gun or something around.
I don't see one.
Okay. I'll just use a lighter.
These should explode.
So like. you might
wanna step back.
What? Really? Nothing. (exhales)
- Wait. You here something?
(fire works crackling)
- Hey Aunt Mae.
- Hey sweetie.
(indistinct)
You need to thank your sister.
If it wasn't for her.
we wouldn't be here
in the first place.
Thanks. sis. good job.
- Yeah whatever.
(Mae laughing)
- I got to ask this.
Am not crazy.
- Okay.
Have you seen a little baby.
- White skin at least.
- White ass little baby.
(all laughing)
- No.
- Maybe I saw nothing.
(all laughing)
- Okay. they are crazy.
- Let me. I got a
question for all you guys.
As black people. should we
celebrate the 4th of July?
Boy. you sound crazy.
- Drunk women. barbecue.
What's that enjoyed about that?
- You got a point Right?
- I'm serious.
- That's the God
damn problem boy.
you too damn serious
all at the time.
- Just just saying.
what about Juneteenth?
- Listen son. this sign this day
became important to this family
because of our great grandfather
and the traditions that
he instilled in us.
Listen to 4th of July to
celebrates our country's freedom
from England.
But black people.
they weren't free
when the country became free.
Now you want to know
my perspective on it.
- Yeah man.
- You wanna know mine?
I'm grateful for
Independence Day.
because it set a precedence.
some we could stand on so
we can have a Juneteenth.
All right?
4th of July celebrates
our nations freedom
but we can't truly be free.
- Right.
- Until we all are free.
- That's right.
- Yes. sir.
- Do you hear me family?
- I see you Obama.
- All right.
Can I get an amen?
- Yes sir.
- But are we truly free?
- Boy. you was
homeschooled wont you?
- Went to school?
- Did your parents
use the burn you
with the cigarette butts?
What is everybody
always ask me that?
- Broke down towing.
how Mae I help you?
- Yeah. I need tow.
Have a flat.
- You need as to
change your tire.
No. my car doesn't have a spare.
- I just need you to take me
to the nearest tire place.
- Now that's your first mistake?
- My first. like how
soon can you get here?
- Where are you headed?
- To the nearest tire
place doesn't matter.
Which one?
- No. I mean. where
are you headed
for Fourth July weekend?
- To a family
reunion in Virginia.
- Ooh. that sound like fun.
Y'all gonna have barbecue?
- Yes. I'm sure we'll
have lots of barbecue.
- Ooh. what about cake?
And...
- Ma'am. ma'am
what is your name?
- Santeria Terry
Franklin baby was yours?
- It's Jeffrey.
Listen. Santeria.
You are the only tow
place open in town.
And if you can help me.
I'm going to spend the
4th of July weekend
on the side of the
road in my car.
Can you help me?
- I got you.
You know. I almost
forgot about that.
You started talking
about barbecue and fireworks
and cake and stuff.
- I didn't even
mentioned fireworks.
- Okay?
- I'm checking now. all our
drivers are called in sick.
except Leroy.
You got lucky too.
'cause Ronnie. Bobby
and Becky they like to
drink on the holidays.
- I gotta ask?
- Yup. is four brothers.
their parents like new edition.
- That's not even there era.
What?
- Leroy works the most.
he's on that stuff.
So he always need money.
I'll call Leroy now.
Hold on.
Okay. Leroy said he'll
be here in three hours.
He's pulling somebody
out of a ditch right now.
- Ouch!
- Yup. somebody's always
worse often than you.
- Well thank you Santeria.
- Thank me by taking
me to that barbecue.
- Oh. I couldn't swing that one.
- Oh. hold up.
- I thought we was cool.
You was just using me
to get a holiday tow.
Like I'm some kinda tow hoe?
I aint nobody's tow hoe.
- Santeria look.
I'm in a situation.
I'm trying to get back
with my baby's mother
and it just would
be a really bad look
if I bring you to the family
reunion. you understand?
I can't show up
with another woman.
- Oh. sound like
you get some drama.
I don't like holiday drama.
You got any friends?
Get one of your
friends to take me.
You got a single friend. right?
- I have a friend you
would probably like
but he's not invited
to the barbecue.
- Well. listen.
Jeffrey is like this.
my family lives far away
from me and we'd
never have reunion.
And I broke up with my man
about a year ago and I
told you I love barbecue.
So. you gonna get me an
invite to this barbecue
and a date. if I'm
gonna to get you back
on the road in three hours.
what size tire you need?
- 255/18/25.
- But nothing. we have a deal.
See you in two hours.
- No. she didn't?
(Jeffrey exhales)
Okay.
wow.
(phone ringing)
- Counselor. how's it going?
- Dante? Yeah. yeah. what's up?
- Well. I'm not in jail for
tax evasion thanks to you.
And no thanks to my accountant.
So I'm great. brother.
When are we playing
ball again. man?
- [Jeffrey] After the holidays.
Look I got a situation.
- A situation?
Come on bruh. what kind of
situation could you have?
What's happening?
- You know I'm dating your ex...
(Dante chuckling)
- Please tell me that's
not the situation?
That's old news. man.
- Well. I want to take a blind
date to her family re-union.
- Wait. what?
- What are we
feeding these kids?
They have grown up so fast.
- Magic beans. girl. magic beans
and rice and potato salad
and barbecue chicken.
- And bread. don't
forget the bread.
- Like Robert said. Erica
does not eat pork anymore.
- What?
You didn't tell me you
don't eat no ham hock.
no bacon. no sausage.
- No (speaking
foreign language).
- No. girl.
- No chicken fries.
pork and beans.
- What in the...
bacon fried what?
- Yeah. I can't believe
y'all never tried it.
- Yeah no. I don't
eat pork anymore.
- Why?
- They sound like
the (indistinct).
- See now I know you lying.
'cause when you say that.
you have that Carter
family twitch...
(ladies chuckling)
and your eye. yeah your lying.
(lady laughing)
- And plus your feet shifted
like it used to
do in high school.
(indistinct)
- Go on and tell them. baby girl
you want the lifestyle.
you gotta own it.
- It's just not
healthy enough for me.
Sorry.
(woman exclaiming)
- There it is.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- It's supposed to mean...
Y'all (indistinct) that's what.
(woman exclaiming)
- It's just not healthy.
Then why do you care
about what I eat anyways?
- Oh. this aint about you.
See this is about the
way you were raised.
because your daddy.
is my brother
and my brother grew
up just like me
and the rest of his brothers.
in the projects.
sleeping in bunk beds
and doing whatever we had
to do to make ends meet.
- I know this Bee. trust me
I spent more time with your
brother than you have..
I know how you all were raised.
so what's the point?
- My point is. why did
y'all raise them kids
to turn their backs
on family traditions?
- Hey. I'm just the aunt.
Aunts and uncles are
supposed to spoil the kids
and their parents well.
they just wanted them to
have the best of everything.
So what were we supposed to do?
Raise them in the projects Bee?
- Well how come
y'all don't visit us?
- Oh. we're just busy.
- Busy? (exclaiming)
A stay-at-home parent
with one child.
that's why you got so much money
and so much time.
- Okay. you made your point.
We will come and visit. okay.
- Okay.
- Damn.
- Come on baby.
give me some love.
(all chuckling)
Aw. thank you.
Want your bougie hair.
(all chuckling)
- Erica. you should take a
break from your pork diet.
(indistinct) cook. it's
going to change your life.
(all exclaiming)
- Girl. you make
nothing sound like sex.
(all chuckling)
Girl. don't tempt me now.
- Well. you know what.
the last time I saw you.
you were still a virgin.
Quit playing. quit playing.
you still a virgin?
- Leave him alone cuz. come on.
the man has been
through some things.
just change the subject.
- No. I'm not a virgin.
Can we just focus on
getting the meat ready.
- Sounds like you might not
have any expertise in meat.
(all laughing)
(indistinct chattering)
- Look Dave. if he asks
me about my sex life.
I'm straight up
with you. all right.
I get it two times a year.
Once on Valentine's day
and once when the kids go away.
(all chuckling)
- Yo. Camp is the best man.
Let me tell y'all. I
love me some camp sex.
but how many weeks go?
Two weeks or one week?
- Two weeks of
bed-breaking. house-shaking.
naked. ridiculously.
- Damn right
that's what I'm taking about.
Now you talking.
(bottles clanking)
- Oh. man Omar check it out.
- Your turn.
- My turn...
- Did you seriously think
we was gonna forget?
- You know I'm kind
of curious too.
So what's going on Omar?
(cross talking)
- Okay. okay. damn
I'll tell you.
- Well. tell it.
- The first time was in college.
- Okay.
- I had this beautiful
girl. she's in my room.
- Sounds good.
- But it was winter
and I get really excited. so I
forgot I left my window open.
So I take my pants down
and some air flew in my butt.
when things shriveled up
and she told me she
came for some real beef.
not kibbles and bits.
(all laughing)
That's the only
reason I haven't-
I just have sex in the
summer. just in case.
- This is your season. Omar.
(all laughing)
- Listen. not everybody
at this family reunion
is family. all right.
Now. if you make a love
connection. it's on you
but just be careful. all right.
- Real careful.
- And stay warm.
- And turn off the AC.
- And no cold drinks.
(all laughing)
(Jeffrey snoring)
(door thumping)
- You Jeffrey?
- [Jeffrey] Yeah.
- Okay. good.
'Cause you all set.
(car door opens)
- Whoa. how'd you do
that with me in the car?
- Well. I used to take them.
but now I'm just replacing them.
- Well. good for you.
(both chuckling)
- No. good for you.
'cause back in the day.
you would have woke
up just on bricks.
- Well. thank you Leroy.
- What?
- I said thank you...
- I heard what you said.
How do you know my name?
- Santeria told me.
What?
(both scuffling)
How do you know Santeria my ex?
- She's the dispatcher at the...
- I don't hear you...
(Jeffrey stuttering)
- She's the dispatcher at
the tow truck (gasping)
(inaudible) told me.
(Jeffrey panting)
- Right. Sorry about that.
what the hell isn't she's
answering my phone for.
That girl's crazy.
(Jeffrey groaning)
she got me kind of...
- Yeah. yeah she does.
Okay.
Leroy. how much do I owe you?
- How much you got?
- No. I'm asking how
much do I owe you
for the tire and the service?
- And I'm asking you. how
much you got in that wallet?
- What difference does it make?
Just give me the price.
- 1500.
- $ 1.500?
- For a tire?
- Holiday prices.
- It's the 4th of July.
not April fool's day.
- It's a good tire.
- It ain't that damn good.
- Want me to take it back?
- I got 500 cash.
- Cool.
(playful music)
(indistinct chattering)
- How you been?
- Good to see you.
- Look at him. Mr
can't get it right.
just in time baby for a CP time.
- Whatever y'all. I ran
into some traffic so.
- You still rapping there?
- Nah. I'm producer now.
(all exclaiming)
- I know you.
I remember your song.
eat the booty.
(all chuckling)
- Yeah. that was my jam.
That hook was on fire boy.
(all chuckling)
- Quit playing.
- Wait. wait. wait.
So this is an actual
song we're talking about?
That's how you pick down dog?
- Well. It was meant
to be provocative.
not literal.
Just something to
get the crowd hyped.
- [Erica] It sure
would get me hyped.
(all chuckling)
- You got a live one there man.
- Yeah man.
How long y'all been together?
- We were not
We just met...
- But she got that nose open.
(all laughing)
- You right about that brother.
(all chuckling)
- Yeah well. just
keep on waiting for
Mr eat the booty here.
(all chuckling)
- Oh. y'all got jokes.
(indistinct chattering)
(gentle music)
- Yo. that baby
wasn't real Right?
- No. It's the strain man.
Who that get it.
It must be named after
like hallucinations.
Like you see people
that's not their.
- Dog. come on man.
Saw the same damn
thing man. come on.
We both saw one
under that table.
- Either he's the
most somebody's skirt
or he stole the car
and drove away the
way that boy is gone.
- No he ain't. he ain't there.
I looked up everybody's skirt.
he wasn't there for sure.
- You did what it
wasn't emergency. bro.
You looked at your
mother's skirt?
- What? Came from there.
- Ugh!
- Ugh? You came from one too.
Yo. come here little...
Mookie...
What?
- That's somebody's baby.
- No. that's a possessed baby.
(bright music)
Grown ass men and
the baby's body.
with a stink ass attitude.
- I guess you're right.
- I'm always right.
Let's go get this bad ass baby.
- Woo. Mae?
Your boy grew up
fine. well done. sis.
- Hm. well thanks. but I
can't take all the credit.
(Mae exhales)
- Yes. I guess you can.
You know it takes a village.
When our parents first had us.
they didn't have the
time or the commitment
and we spent a lot of time
with aunt Mae and uncle Victor.
- Yes. you did.
- You guys had a
lot of experiences
that our parents just didn't.
So. we've been fortunate enough
to learn from our four
parents instead of two.
- Thank you.
- Yes. it takes a village.
- Well. you know Erica.
she was the good one.
- Robert. hm. he was the rebel
always trying to do the opposite
of everything that his
parents wanted him to do.
But to know he is
in med school now.
So. I guess we can't complain.
- Oh! A doctor and lawyer?
I mean. I guess not.
- Hm.
- What is Mookie doing?
- Girl. Mookie is Mookie.
Okay?
Mookie is dependable
but he is funny as hell
but I cannot get him to
concentrate on nothing
but fast ass women with fat ass.
- Ms. Jackson?
(Mae laughs)
- Girl!
- I mean what?
- That was an insult
or a compliment.
I'm a little bit confused here.
- Well. when he first
you brought home.
I was a little bit concerned.
but you cool. you all right.
So. since you brought it
up. what do you see in him?
He don't have any money.
He don't speak any espanol
and he don't dance the salsa.
- I love him.
(ladies exclaim)
He makes me laugh.
He treat me like a Latin queen.
He wants to become better
than what he is now.
- Wow!
- All I know. that's my
man. I'm keeping my man
and you all better
get used to it.
- Well damn!
- Guess she told us.
(indistinct)
- Gracias.
(all laughing)
- Hmm.
- Erica. when are
you getting married?
- That was out of the blue?
- Good question though.
- Really Angela?
- Girl you know I being nosy.
- I'm nosy too. where's
your prince charming?
- (indistinct) phone ringing.
Yeah. hello this is Erica.
Yeah. yeah. I'm in the middle
of a family reunion right now.
Yeah. yeah. yeah (indistinct).
- The phone did not ring.
- Oh God! Wait.
- Hello. this is Erica...
Who answers the phone
like that anyway?
(all laughing)
- I'll tell you
one thing though.
if she's keeping a
secret like that.
she really likes this one?
- Yup.
- Y'all leave my girl alone.
Leave my baby girl alone
- Girl you're right.
(Mae laughing)
- Got that right.
- (indistinct) whole
ugly ass baby's gone man.
- Damn demon baby.
Damn chucky frickin' kid.
- Freaky (indistinct).
- Old ugly ass baby.
Did you see him?
- Y'all sound like some
punk ass player haters.
Don't shit on me 'cause
y'all bitches can't keep up.
What want with me anyway?
- Wait. wait. whoa.
whoa. you can talk?
- Now you just insulting
my intelligence.
What the hell do y'all
chimps want with me?
Spit it out and quit staring
at me like I'm a damn alien
before I start
bursting heads in here.
- Wow. wow we just seem...
Were you even invited
to this family reunion.
- Were you invited?
- Well. yeah...
Not exactly. but I'm
part of the family.
- How you know I'm not?
- Whoa. whoa. no offense.
your little white ass.
ugly ass don't look like you
belong in our family reunion.
- You sound racist
as hell right now.
How you know I aint
white skinned or albino?
- What are you?
- I'm a baby fool!
What are you that's the
real question Robin?
What are you?
- What kind of question is that?
- Well it must be a good one.
'cause you just asked
me the same thing.
Answer it what are you?
I'll make it easier.
Are you a man or a baby?
- A man obviously.
- Is it obvious?
You broke up with. what's
her name? Six months ago
and you aint been on a date yet.
Seem to me like you
lost your balls homie
and if you loose those.
you will never have kids
and you are the last in a
long line of Carter men.
so your family needs you to
get your ass out there and date
and find a real woman and
have some baby brother.
(bright music)
(upbeat music)
- Hi. oh my God.
I thought you couldn't make it
- Babe. I've been through hell.
I've been driving all night.
I drank some cocaine. coffee...
I think I had cocaine in it.
Anyway. I know you
got a deep bench.
I just need you to
know. I love you.
(bright music)
- Why didn't say that before
No. I don't have a deep bench.
I only have you. I love you too.
(crowd applauding)
* Do you wanna be my?
* Do you. do you. do
you wanna be my? *
you wanna be my baby *
* At the end of the night
* Be my
* Do you. do you.
do you wanna be my *
* Do you. do you. do
you wanna be my baby *
* At the end of the night
* Would you like
to take my hand *
* I can be your midnight man
* I can give you everything
that you were hoping *
* That I can
* And you've been
driving me insane *
* Damn. I really love your
brain. I love your hair *
* I love your style.
I love your ass *
* I love your smile
* It'd be you reckless claim
* To say I think
you feel the same *
* So could we do this
* We won't use this
lose excuses to blame *
* So lets go out and
dance once more *
* Let our bodies go explore
* Rhythms and melodies and
please the dance floor *
* Boy (indistinct)
* And if there's one
thing left to say *
* Do you wanna come my way
* Girl I'll treat you right
* So. do you wanna be my baby
at the end of the night? *
* My night fire
* Be my
* Do you wanna?
* Be my baby at the
end of the night *
* Be my. do you wanna.
do you wanna be *
* Do you wanna
* Do you wanna be my baby
at the end of the night *
* Be my
* Do you wanna be my baby
at the end of the night *
* Be my
* Do you wanna
* Do you wanna be my baby
at the end of the night *
* Be my. do you wanna be my
baby at the end of the night *
* Be my
(fireworks crackling)
(gentle music)